Add names or descriptions of abilities used as weapons to the sidebar. (#10254)
wesnoth/wesnoth: changelog_entries/add_abilities_special_to_sidebar.md

### WML Engine

> * add 'name_affected' and 'description_affected' displayed in unit sidebar to abilites used like specials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* add 'name_affected' and 'description_affected' that are displayed in unit sidebar for abilities used like specials.
```
